[opdocs] Kommander: Split clusters into multiple pages (#3400)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/1.3/clusters/create-connect-clusters/index.md

---
layout: layout.pug
beta: true
navigationTitle: Creating or Connecting Clusters
title: Creating or Connecting Clusters
menuWeight: 7
excerpt: Create or connect a Kubernetes cluster
---

## Before you begin

- You must have run `konvoy up` with the Kommander addon deployed. You should be looking at the Kommander UI.
- If you are creating a cluster with a cloud partner (Azure, AWS), you must configure your [infrastructure provider][infra_provider].
- If you are planning on attaching more than one cluster, ensure you enter your valid [license][licensing].
- Review the [workspace platform service resource requirements][platform_service_req] to ensure that the cluster has sufficient resources.

From the dashboard page or the clusters page, select **Add Cluster > Create Konvoy Cluster**.

![Add Cluster Options](/dkp/kommander/1.3/img/add-cluster.png)

### Create a Konvoy cluster

- [Creating Konvoy Clusters on AWS][konvoy_aws]
- [Creating Konvoy Clusters on Azure][konvoy_azure]
- [Creating Konvoy Clusters on your own infrastructure][konvoy_onprem]

### Create a Konvoy cluster via YAML

> Selecting the **Upload YAML option** allows you to use a config generated by the Konvoy CLI tool. An example config can be created in the file `cluster.yaml` by [running][konvoy_init] `konvoy init`, or one is generated after running `konvoy up`. Ensure the correct Cloud Provider credentials are selected and add any cluster labels that apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selecting the **Upload YAML option** allows you to use a config generated by the Konvoy CLI tool. An example config file can be created in the file `cluster.yaml` by [running][konvoy_init] `konvoy init`, or after running `konvoy up`. Ensure the correct Cloud Provider credentials are selected and add any cluster labels that apply.
```

![Create Cluster Upload YAML](/dkp/kommander/1.3/img/create-cluster-yaml.png)

### Connect an existing cluster

> Using the Attach Cluster option, you can attach an already existing cluster, even an existing Konvoy cluster, directly to Kommander. Enjoy all the multi-cluster management and monitoring benefits that Kommander provides while keeping your existing cluster on its current provider and infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the **Attach Cluster** option, you can attach an already existing cluster, even an existing Konvoy cluster, directly to Kommander. You can access the multi-cluster management and monitoring benefits that Kommander provides while keeping your existing cluster on its current provider and infrastructure.
```

See [Attach Cluster][attach_cluster]

#### Add infrastructure provider tags

> A tag is similar to a label and helps manage and track this cluster at the infrastructure provider level along with other provider resources. As providers support different amounts of tags, up to 10 tags may be added here. You can add more directly through your infrastructure provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A tag is similar to a label and helps manage and track clusters at the infrastructure provider level along with other provider resources. As providers support different amounts of tags, up to 10 tags may be added here. You can add more directly through your infrastructure provider.
```
